(Two weeks ago)
Tests confirmed terminal lung cancer.
How long do I have?
Three to four months, conservatively.
(Huang Mantang)
Huang Mantang, your life
has been truly great.
Mine isn't.
Look at me.
Why has my life been so miserable?
How come your life
has been so much better than mine?
Huang Mantang!
=The Silent Rift=
=Episode 10=
(Turning Over)
Now you
are all big bosses
and top dogs.
But only I know
the filth under your human skin.
If you've got the guts, kill me.
Do you dare?
You're dangling me in limbo like this.
Is it fun?
Give it to me.
Mr. Yonghui, Mr. Yonghui,
I'm Huang Daqing.
No.
I-I'm Chai Daqing.
I'm your driver.
I'm obedient. Woof!
Mr. Yonghui.
(Crack down on crime.
Protect the people.)
Master, why are you suddenly asking
about Huang Mantang?
Jiao Lijun confessed
there were four robbers.
That means the witnesses
at the credit union
could have had blind spots.
Let's make an assumption.
Meng Guangcai organized the robbery.
Jiao Lijun and Wang Dazhu
both took part.
Excluding Zuo Long
and Ma Zhongwu as decoys,
could the fourth person
also be someone close to Meng Guangcai?
So you suspect Huang Mantang?
Huang Mantang suddenly died
of illness in 2006.
Let's make another assumption.
That after the robbery,
there was internal conflict
that directly caused
Huang Mantang's death.
What else could it be?
He was from our village
and got a terminal illness.
Guangcai said we couldn't let him die
in the street.
So we found a place to bury him.
See, Master? A guy like that
owns several businesses and manages
a labor agency with over 100 people.
Who'd believe it?
Forget him. Let's go to the mastermind.
(6th Interrogation)
Haven't seen you for days.
Thought you got stuck again.
You look quite comfortable.
It's peaceful here.
You don't know how many things
demand my attention outside every day.
It's like a vacation to me.
When you've investigated enough
and the term expires,
finding such peace outside
won't be easy.
Still thinking about getting out?
Of course. I know your rules well.
Look, you've had me 'visiting'
for quite a few days now.
In a few more days,
even if you want to keep me,
it won't be appropriate.
Stop counting the days, Meng Guangcai.
Today we're mainly talking about
your old friend and fellow villager,
Huang Mantang.
Huang Mantang?
Between 1993 and 1994,
Huang Mantang left Beiyan
and disappeared.
He died of lung cancer in 2006.
Caisheng Group's GM, Jiao Lijun,
handled his funeral, right?
Yes.
You're running out of ideas, aren't you?
Anyone connected to me
becomes a suspect.
Officer Zhu knows Huang Mantang.
He was never liked since childhood.
We handled his burial
while managing the company
mainly out of respect
for Principal Chen.
Meng Guangcai, quit circling.
Let's talk about Huang Mantang.
Huang Mantang was simple.
Officer Zhu knows most of his situation.
In the same village as kids,
we saw him constantly.
That year I came to Beiyan for work.
Principal Chen thought he had no future
and sent him to follow me to the site.
But he left soon,
complaining the work was too hard.
When did he leave?
I don't remember.
I remember.
During my site inspection in 1993,
you told me
that he left the site in June
and went back to Shaguai Village.
Right.
But I didn't know where he went either.
I thought he returned to Shaguai Village
to visit Principal Chen.
He never came back to the site.
He just vanished.
He vanished right after the 6.10 case.
Isn't that suspicious?
Officer Zhu, that doesn't make sense.
Do you know how many construction sites
there were in Beiyan in 1993?
And how many people came and went?
In 1993,
Beiyan had seven construction sites.
And 43 people vanished without a trace.
So what?
There were way too many
coincidences, don't you think?
After the 6.10 case,
you went to work in Guangnan.
And you raised money
for Principal Chen's surgery.
After the 6.10 case, Xue Qin's brother,
Xue Yonghui, got into a car accident.
Also after the 6.10 case,
Huang Mantang vanished.
Too many coincidences.
So you've suspected me all these years
because of these?
Officer Zhang, you heard him.
Officer Zhu arrested me
based on these so-called coincidences.
You know I'm not a smart man.
I only use simple methods.
All these years, I've traced
the movements of over 1,000 people.
Only you, Meng Guangcai, have this many
coincidences surrounding you.
Coincidences aren't illegal, right?
Coincidences aren't illegal.
But do you really think
coincidences can be perfectly flawless?
Officer Zhu, you forget
what I do for a living.
Twenty years ago,
I came to the city to work and built
my business in building materials.
Then I got into real estate.
My whole life, I've been dealing
with bricks, cement,
and other construction materials.
Of course I know
nothing is perfectly flawless.
But think about it.
It's these seemingly crude things
that build houses.
They make houses sturdy.
If you put your heart into it,
if you invest enough,
you can make these seemingly crude,
imperfect things
appear perfectly flawless.
Isn't that right?
Meng Guangcai,
if you have committed crimes,
I can guarantee you
we will find solid evidence.
Officer Zhang,
you still
have a lot to learn from your master.
Stay calm.
You don't need to tell me this.
You came to me
because you lack solid evidence.
Otherwise,
you wouldn't be asking so much.
Right?
Officer Zhang,
I'll be waiting
for you and Officer Zhu
to escort me out someday.
(Crack down on crime.
Protect the people.)
- Master.
- Liu Hua's pushing you again, right?
Master, Jiao Lijun's testimony
named four robbers.
Why did it feel so natural?
Something Meng Guangcai said today
reminded me.
He said words don't matter,
and what matters is the action.
I noticed Wang Dazhu
clearly got worked up
when he heard 'four robbers.'
Four?
Four people?
Then he immediately admitted Jiao Lijun
was also involved in the robbery.
So Jiao Lijun's testimony
not only gained our trust
but also signaled Wang Dazhu
to align their stories.
If I'm not mistaken,
their rehearsals were beyond
what ordinary criminals could manage.
It wasn't just a script.
Every step was meticulously planned.
So you suspect 'four robbers'
is a special code,
and it's not true?
Among the witnesses
to the robbery that year,
besides the credit union staff,
there was one more person.
She remembered there might've been
four robbers. I have the record here.
Who was this person?
A little girl
who lived near the credit union.
Here it is.
She saw the robbers leave.
It was either three or four of them.
The girl was probably terrified
and couldn't recall clearly.
All these years,
I've wanted to find that little girl.
But without computers back then,
we only got her name and address.
When I went back later, she was gone.
Alright, Master.
Give me all that information.
I'll have the tech unit look into it.
Okay.
Master, it's been so many years
since the 6.10 case.
I remember when I started with you,
you were already on this case.
Now so much time has passed,
almost half a lifetime.
You've put your heart into it.
(People's police serve the people,
faithful duty ensures safety)
(Beiyan Police Station, 2002)
Go ahead.
Dazhu, put your leg down.
This isn't your home.
Officer,
Guangcai really isn't here.
He's very busy.
If you have anything to say, tell me.
I can represent him.
Fine.
Then let's talk about the situation
at your construction site.
Okay.
That construction site of yours
keeps having problems.
Report says you beat people today.
What's with you?
We didn't.
It was those troublemakers.
They started it.
We were trying to stop them.
They just wanted to...
Well...
Zhu, look, you have such
a good relationship with Guangcai.
It's just a small matter.
Tell your people
to stop watching us so closely.
You know how it is.
Guangcai's company's biggest deal now
is renovating Baima Market.
I don't care if it's a big deal for you.
Dazhu, you arranged people to intimidate
those residents facing demolition.
Don't think I don't know that.
Listen to me.
We're giving your company's person
in charge a warning and education. Okay?
Hello?
- Who do you need?
- Qin.
Officer Zhu.
Xue Qin.
Tell Guangcai
that hiding from me is pointless.
Zhu,
Guangcai isn't hiding from you.
He's just at his wit's end.
You've seen him
build his business from scratch.
To secure
this market renovation project,
he's practically risking his life.
We're short on funds now
and busy with the demolition.
So some problems are unavoidable.
We've known each other for years.
Why not come to me himself?
Ma.
Yes?
Take them to get the paperwork done.
Yes.
Go with Ma.
Thanks, Zhu.
Let's go.
I can't believe them.
Weren't you focused
on the 6.10 case before?
Why are you so concerned
about Caisheng now?
Master, is there a connection?
Gentlemen,
(Report on New Baima Market Project)
about the new Baima Market construction,
the district cares a lot about it.
At this stage,
your most critical task is
to complete the demolition compensation
for residents on the selected site
quickly and stably
in the shortest possible time.
Sir, this is our job.
You can rest assured.
Not one will stay.
All will be demolished.
Please be at ease, sir.
During demolition, we'll stay
within bounds and keep it measured.
We will make every effort
to satisfy the residents
and reassure the government.
I heard there's quite a bit of friction
over demolition compensation.
To ensure better implementation,
we've invited another company over
for consultations.
You two complement and cooperate.
Am I late?
Rough trip, huh?
Not at all.
Come, let me introduce you.
Mr. Nian, who flew in from Guangnan.
He's very powerful.
This is Mr. Meng from a local company.
Get to know each other.
Come, Guangcai. Come over here.
Mr. Meng? I know him.
Is that so? Come.
Hello, Mr. Nian.
Mr. Meng, long time no see.
Come on.
Mr. Zhang, come on. Mr. Li.
Drink up!
Drink up! Get the games going! Come on!
Where are the dice? Bring the dice.
Who's playing with me?
Entertain them well.
Guangcai.
How's it going?
You're not drunk?
These guys
are all crafty.
When drinking with them,
I don't dare get drunk
no matter how much I drink.
Is there any room left for maneuvering
on the Baima Market project?
Dazhu, look,
today, every faction
had at least one person show up.
I'm counting
on keeping them well entertained,
so they can put in a good word
for us on this project.
We've bet all our money on that.
We can't afford any mistakes.
Mr. Li.
Come on, Mr. Meng.
Mr. Meng,
everyone says you've got a sharp mind.
You're truly something else.
Who'd have thought of hosting
at a construction site? What a move!
Today, we've really had our fill of fun.
Mr. Li, just focus on drinking
and enjoying yourself.
Here, to you.
Let's drink up.
(Caisheng Construction Company
Recruitment Resume)
What's the need for an interview?
Anyone recommended by you, Mr. Xie,
is exactly the talent Caisheng needs.
Have some water.
Thank you.
Tang, show Li around the company
and fill her in.
Sure, please come this way.
- Okay.
- Here.
My niece just graduated from college.
She was little when her mom remarried
and took her away.
Life's been pretty tough for her.
I hope you'll look out for her.
Mr. Xie. Mr. Xie.
She's one of our own.
I'll definitely look out for her.
Don't worry.
She won't be mistreated here.
Alright, I'm reassured. Definitely.
Mr. Xie,
about the bank loan,
you've got to help me find a way.
I know you're tight on funds.
That's why I'm here.
I remember
all your kindness and help.
But that loan amount
you mentioned last time
is really a bit insufficient.
Given our relationship, can you help me
get a bit more from your end?
Based on your current collateral,
this is the maximum you can get.
It should be enough
to ease your current urgent need.
I heard you haven't even been able
to pay your workers recently.
Xie Kaiyan abandoned us
after we helped him.
We gave him so many benefits before.
And he bails on us
at the critical moment.
We helped him so much.
Why won't he help us?
We have no choice.
He's got the bank's backing.
We can't afford to fall out with him.
This way, if anything goes wrong
with this project,
we could be back
to square one overnight.
We only had about
seven or eight families left.
Now with this family causing trouble,
who knows how long it'll drag on again?
Don't show me the contract.
I don't understand it.
This house is for my retirement.
You can't tear it down. Leave.
Sir, we've explained this to you
for over two months.
We're strictly following
company procedure.
I don't care.
No one could ever change my mind.
Get out of here.
Sir, please listen to me. Sir!
Mr. Meng and Mr. Jiao,
this is the household.
Can't negotiate. How are we...
You can't? You can't?
If you can't, find a way.
Can't find a way? Kneel at his door!
- Guangcai!
- Get it done.
Guangcai!
You hear me?
Get lost.
Alright, calm down.
Guangcai, give me three days.
I'll get him to sign.
What three days?
Zhu Helai is already onto me
because of what you pulled before.
We can't let him catch us
on anything else now.
Can't be soft. Not allowed to be hard.
Then I'm really out of ideas.
- Please eat.
- Okay.
Everyone, I'd like to propose a toast.
On behalf of Caisheng Group,
thank you all.
We owe our achievements
to your attention and support.
I hope you all have a great night.
Eat well, drink well.
I'll drink first.
- Good!
- Cheers!
Everyone, my apologies.
I'm truly sorry for being late.
Something came up.
Mr. Meng,
I have to call you out on this.
You invite everyone to dinner,
yet you show up late.
That's no way to treat your guests.
I also invited a few friends,
all people you know.
Please sit.
Sit.
Go on, please.
Alright, now that the host is here,
let me propose a toast.
It's been years since I left Beiyan.
I've missed you all dearly.
Coming back today,
I see Beiyan has changed a lot.
And all you guys
are doing very well too.
This makes me especially happy.
So, let's all drink together. Cheers!
Cheers!
- Cheers!
There.
I'd like to propose this second toast
to congratulate Mr. Meng
for securing Beiyan's key project.
This is a truly celebratory event.
Here's to it.
- Come on.
- Congratulations, Mr. Meng.
Come on.
- Congratulations.
Congrats.
Cheers.
But Mr. Meng, I heard your demolition
is running behind schedule, right?
And you can't pay the workers' wages?
Don't worry.
If you're in trouble,
you can just tell me.
Don't be a stranger.
Nothing like that.
I'm just puzzled.
It's just a small renovation project
on a market.
Why are you so concerned, Mr. Nian?
Like I said, don't be a stranger.
Your business is my business.
After all, you worked for me
back in the day.
Back when I was building
the Eagle Building,
Mr. Meng and his two brothers
work on my construction site.
Right, Mr. Meng?
But I think you look bad in a suit.
I still prefer how you looked
setting off firecrackers.
Come on, let's drink.
A toast to Mr. Meng. Come on.
Okay.
Come on.
- Mr. Meng.
Come on, Mr. Meng.
Come on, have one.
Mr. Nian.
You sure you want to cut in?
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
If I dare to bite, I can stomach it.
Don't be stingy.
Just bring on whatever you have.
I said, leave me alone for a while.
Why are you here?
You haven't been home for two days.
I was worried.
Where's Xiaoliang?
Sent to Mr. Chen's.
You're off these days.
Don't let him see you like this.
Lijun told me everything.
I put the place up as collateral.
The money's in there.
It should last for a while.
Qin,
do you think I'm too reckless?
All the money I've earned
over the years,
plus the money borrowed
from the bank, is tied up in this.
This time, it's either succeed
or die.
If we just solve
the demolition issue quickly,
we'll be okay, right?
Moving faster reduces the risk.
If others catch up,
we're out.
I'll handle the demolition.
Without the compensation money,
no one could help you.
Get out of here. Just go.
Qin, what did I tell you?
Being soft with them doesn't work.
They're demanding more and more.
We've been too kind to them.
Qin, no more talking?
Huifen, get ready for dinner.
Still writing?
(Caisheng Construction Company
Job Application Form)
You applied to this company?
It's newly established.
The salary and benefits are good.
Plus many jobs.
It's Meng Guangcai's company.
Guangcai? I wondered why he
hasn't come lately. He's a big boss now?
You can go to any company
except this one.
I'm not asking for any favors.
Why can't I?
Any other place is fine.
Meng Guangcai's company? Absolutely not.
Why are you getting so worked up?
I told you before, you don't need
to work or earn money.
My job's enough.
Your job is enough?
Relying on your meager salary
to support this family?
Then wouldn't this family be ruined?
I don't want to be useless.
You can apply to any company you want.
But not Meng Guangcai's company.
What if I want to have a child later?
What if I want to have a child?
Before, you said Qianqian was young
and we'd wait until she grew up.
Now Qianqian's grown up.
Can't I have one?
Didn't we agree to drop it?
Why should I drop it?
What's wrong with wanting my own child?
I just want to save some money.
We can have a kid once we save enough.
What's wrong with that?
You know why my brother Lin Shan,
Qianqian's father, fell?
I know.
It's due to the 6.10 case
you're working on.
Right.
Do you know who was responsible?
I've been working
on the 6.10 case for years.
I have a clear suspect in mind.
Do you know Meng Guangcai...
The case is connected to Meng Guangcai?
Yes.
He's a robber?
That's why I forbid you
from going to his company.
You can work for anyone else.
Just not Meng Guangcai's company.
Huifen, all these years, I...
I've watched Qianqian
grow up day by day.
I don't know when she'll suddenly ask me
when her father's case will be solved
and when I'll give her father justice.
I dread those questions.
Huifen,
I also know, all these years,
the person I've wronged the most is you.
You've suffered so much with me.
I've wronged you.
Hello, here's your dish.
Made up your mind?
If I sign, do I really get the money?
Sign today, and this 300,000 is yours.
Really, 300,000?
You're not lying to me, are you?
Have some coffee.
Thanks.
You don't understand.
My old man won't leave me a single cent.
And I'm desperate for cash.
I need it to bounce back, alright?
I'm still his son.
And that house has my share, right?
If I don't sign, who will, right?
Is this the...
Yes, take a look.
(Compensation Agreement)
I'm signing it.
Read it carefully.
It's fine, I trust you. I'll sign it.
Not so fast.
Tomorrow, I need you
to do one more thing for me.
Good. That's the spirit. Very smooth.
Can we make it even smoother?
Got it.
What are you doing, Dad? Dad!
Come back, Dad! Come back!
That's dangerous.
Go. Just go. Get out of here.
I don't need you!
Even if you kill me,
I'm tearing this place down.
Money's settled.
What are you doing, Dad?
Everything's gone.
Qin, it's all thanks to you.
It only took a few days
to get it signed.
The 'filial' son.
And this good son also helped.
Let's go.
Dad!
Dad. Dad.
Dad, listen to me.
Once the place is down,
they'll give us the money.
Then we'll have cash.
- You go.
- What are you doing?
I need a place to retire.
Don't do this, Dad.
It's already settled.
Let them tear it down.
What are you doing?
Yes. The demolition work
is basically complete.
The follow-up construction is all ready.
Rest assured.
I'm heading to the site now
to arrange the restart.
And tonight,
I'll report to you in person.
Okay. Talk later then.
Zhu?
Long time no see. What are you...
I couldn't find you at your office.
I had to track you down to your car.
What is it? Go ahead.
We received a report.
It said you went behind the resident
and tricked his son into signing a deal.
That matter?
I can't deal with it right now.
Can we talk next time?
The father and son fought.
The old man
is still lying in the hospital.
You don't have time? Well, I do.
I'm handling this.
I really have urgent business.
Now's not the time for this.
You go ahead. We'll talk on the way.
I'm coming with you.
To investigate me,
you even came along on my errand.
Back in the day,
I thought you were a hero
and a good big brother.
I listened to you
and left Shaguai Village
to find a way out for myself
and for the brothers.
But you?
From the moment
I started my small business,
you've watched me like a hawk,
investigating me openly and secretly.
I'm telling you,
I didn't break the law.
And I won't.
Like I said earlier,
that demolition agreement
was signed with the family.
And I paid the money
according to the rules.
Now the father and son are fighting.
What does such a trivial matter
have to do with me?
Zhu.
No.
Officer Zhu,
do you know what situation I'm in now?
The knife's already at my throat.
Lives are at stake.
We've known each other for years.
What's your beef with me exactly?
You called that trivial.
How is that trivial?
For a family,
it's a life-shattering event.
What's exactly my beef with you?
The words you just spoke shouldn't be
from the Meng Guangcai of Shaguai Village.
Officer,
no matter what it is,
I'll ask you one more time:
What does it have to do with me?
It has nothing to do with you now.
Fine. Even if you are clever enough
to skirt the law.
But do you have a clear conscience?
Every word you say is about yourself.
Have you considered how others feel?
Enough with the lectures.
You couldn't help me
back in Shaguai Village.
at Baima Market either.
Now you show up and give me the lecture.
You're such a great big brother.
He's here.
- Get out!
- Get out! Get out!
- Pay up!
No! Stop!
Listen to me.
Pay up first!
You'll get every cent.
We agreed. I'm here today to pay, okay?
If you don't pay today,
we'll smash this car!
Smash this car!
Smash it!
Smash!
Stop it!
Break it up! Break it up!
Stop it! Move!
Break it up!
Meng Guangcai,
I'm copying your old trick.
Pay up!
Police! Police! Police!
Police!
- Guangcai.
Stop waiting. The clients heard
about what happened at the site.
They're not coming.
Said it's too sensitive.
They told us to be careful too.
We can't afford any more trouble
with the demolition.
Did you get anything on those
troublemakers from this afternoon?
Cops hauled them in, chewed them out.
And then they bolted.
I've found them all with our men.
Good.
Now that they're found,
don't hold back.
We're not the police.
Understood.
Dazhu, tell our men to keep it discreet.
Don't disturb anyone.
Got it.
You guys, watch the back door.
You guys, watch the front.
The rest go with Guangcai.
Don't worry.
Anything Beiyan-related, just tell me.
No problem. It can all be handled.
Come in.
Okay, okay.
What is this?
Meng Guangcai?
What's going on? What's this?
Meng Guangcai, what are you doing?
What's this?
Didn't you want me
to give you whatever I have?
You were so impatient?
Putting on a show
at my construction site?
Alright. You've tracked me down?
What do you want?
To celebrate with you.
Celebrate what?
Don't pull this stunt on me.
Before I call the police,
take your people and get out.
Get out. Go. Call security.
Call the police.
Trying this with me?
Hello?
Call him 'boss.' Call him.
Boss.
Here's one who assaulted an officer.
How much did he pay you? How much?
Talk!
50,000.
50,000 to deal with us?
The men you hired aren't exactly pros.
What? I didn't know about this.
When did I give you 50,000?
Do I even know you? Why would I pay you?
July 15, 1999, gift to Zhang:
1.2 million RMB.
May 7, 2000, gift to Liu: RMB 800,000
and ten 50-gram gold bars.
December 31, 2001, gift to Wang:
RMB 2,000,000
and USD 80,000.
January 8, 2002...
Bro, stop it. Stop it.
Mr. Nian, do you admit to these?
Should I keep reading?
No.
Mr. Nian,
weren't you calling the cops?
You had men cause trouble
and beat people at my construction site.
Let's see whom the police will arrest.
You or me?
Mr. Meng, Mr. Meng.
Mr. Meng, it's all a misunderstanding.
From the start, I knew
you were a man of substance, Mr. Meng.
See? You really are a man of substance.
I deeply admire you.
It's all a misunderstanding.
Later, your men
should stay. Let me treat you all.
We can sit down
and talk this through properly.
Mr. Meng, this is not appropriate.
There are so many people at my company.
We can skip this.
Let's just sit and talk.
How about this? I'll pull out
of the Baima project, okay?
If the city asks my opinion,
I'll say Caisheng can handle it well.
I'll be a guidance unit.
Is that acceptable?
Mr. Meng,
okay?
Okay.
We can discuss anything, right?
(Biaojie Construction)
Let's go. Get in the car.
What did you do?
Nothing.
Demolition's done,
and the site's reopened.
So I set off some firecrackers
to celebrate.
I helped you at the site
because I didn't want you hurt.
Not so you could show off here.
If that guy broke the law,
he should be handed over to the police.
Broke the law?
No, Zhu, no one broke the law.
If you don't believe me,
go upstairs and ask him.
I'm telling the truth.
I just came to celebrate with him.
Zhu,
you helped me. I really am grateful.
But some things can't be solved
by your moral high ground preaching.
Guangcai,
trouble.
It's the demolition. Someone's jumping.
He's at the hospital.
The weather's turned so quickly.
What do we do?
Someone, help him.
It's pouring rain.
If his body gives out or he slips...
Move aside.
What now?
Is this the 'trivial matter' you said?
Guangcai, the project is crucial.
We can't afford more trouble.
Go. Get more people.
And contain any reporters.
Sir. Sir.
I'm a police officer, sir.
Please come down. We can work it out.
Easy now. Come down.
We can talk it through. I'll listen.
Tell me what's wrong.
My late wife left nothing behind.
Only this house.
And you people tore it down.
Sir, look.
When in trouble, call the police.
Am I right?
Whatever it is,
come down and let's talk it over.
No problem is too big. I am a cop.
Tell me what's bothering you.
Talk to me. I'll help you resolve it.
=The Silent Rift=